all pong solutions are proud to
introduce our best-selling Cu P 359
all-in-one pond system manufactured
using high quality plastics the open
solutions all in one pond filter system
is highly durable and long-lasting
designed to be used as a combined pump
filter and water clarifier the Cu P 359
is the perfect solution for small to
medium sized ponds the all-in-one unit
is fitted with a 9 watt UV sterilizing
bulb ensuring crystal-clear water a
transparent plastic strip built into the
unit's will allow you to safely check
the operational status of the bulb for
bio chemical filtration purposes the Cu
P 359 unit is fitted with a long
filtration grille which houses coarse
filtration foam surrounding the UV bulb
compartment the front impeller cover
houses a small section of medium
filtration foam and the rear end cover
contains a small amount of ceramic
filter media
the fully submersible Cu P 359 is fitted
with an efficient impeller driven motor
capable of producing 2,000 liter per
hour output the flow rate can be
adjusted using the blue switch located
on the impeller cover the all pong
solutions all-in-one systems are
supplied with a fountain attachment
complete with a range of different
effect plugs a standard hose tail outlet
is also included to fit a range of
different sized hose flexible hosing and
additional hose clips sold separately
enter official website you can alternate
between the fountain and a secondary
outlet by installing the connective
adapter piece as shown and adjusting the
valves the open solutions all-in-one
range can be used purely to circulate
water
or to pump to a separate filter or water
feature
please ensure the all pond solutions
all-in-one series pumps remain fully
submerged and set upon a relatively flat
surface at all times when in use the Cu
ppand filter systems can be fixed to a
flat surface using the optional suction
cups provided or securely screwed down
through the holes in the base all
genuine all pond solutions products are
supplied with full english instructions
we will now run through some basic
troubleshooting always follow the
general maintenance safety guidelines in
the instruction leaflet the fountain
attachment set is essentially made up of
three parts the first being the primary
connector with a secondary outlet
attached the second is the fountain pipe
which is extendable like sir
and a standard outlet nozzle which can
be used if you do not require a fountain
you will also find included a set of
plugs which will help produce a variety
of different fountain effects begin by
attaching the primary connected piece
you will notice that this is fitted with
a secondary outlet flow can be
redirected through this when you wish to
perform maintenance on the pipe you can
also choose to remove the secondary
outlet pipe and cap it off using the
piece shown this may in certain cases
produce a stronger fountain flow once
you have the connected piece
successfully in place you can fit the
fountain pipe as shown you will notice
also that there is a flow switch here
which will allow you to increase or
decrease the flow through the fountain
pipe if you wish to produce different
fountain effects you can do so by
removing the plug fitted as standard to
your outlet you will notice in the
barrel that there are four grooves here
you can insert one of the supplementary
effect pins push and screw them into
place each one will produce a different
fountain effect
if the flow rate should diminish check
that the filtration grill is not clogged
and that the impeller is not impeded to
access the impeller remove the impeller
cover twist and remove the impeller cap
to access the UV bulb remove the rear
filtration grille and phone unscrew the
housing and gently remove you can check
that the UV is functional by briefly
depressing the safety override switch
located in the bulb housing please do
not look directly at the illuminated UV
bulb once call the bulb can be gently
prised from the unit the quartz sleeve
that surrounds the UV bulb can be
accessed by unscrewing the clear bracket
when reinstalling check that the parts
are securely watertight and undamaged
and that any oring ZAR intact and in
place suitable for use in small to
medium sized ponds up to 2,000 litre
capacity this product is suitable for
freshwater and tropical use only for a
wide range of pond equipment accessories
and spares visit w-w-w shion's co uk for
further troubleshooting advice email
info at all pond solutions go UK